Add default timeframe option to dashboard settings (#38209)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/configure/_index.md

| {{< ui >}}Clone dashboard{{< /ui >}} | Copy the entire dashboard to a new dashboard. You are prompted to name the clone. |
| {{< ui >}}Display UTC time{{< /ui >}} | Toggle between UTC time and your default time zone. |
| {{< ui >}}Include Flex Logs{{< /ui >}} | Toggle to include [Flex Logs][3] in all Flex-configured widgets. When off, widgets use [Standard Indexed][4] logs instead. This is a user-level preference that persists across sessions for this dashboard. |

> | {{< ui >}}Default timeframe{{< /ui >}} | Select a time range the dasboard will default to for all users. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| {{< ui >}}Default timeframe{{< /ui >}} | Select a time range for the dashboard that applies to all users. |
```

Reviewer: Our style guide prefers "time frame" (instead of "timeframe"), but I'm assuming this comes from a label in the UI?

Author: yeah that's why
